[Music]
Hello friends of the channel in
this video I have to comment on the
interview that
Raquel Mosquera herself, Pedro
Carrasco's wife, gave for Semana magazine this
week, let's not be redundant. The
hairdresser has spoken out about Rocio
Carrasco, very upset, she says that more than
angry she is hurt, she can't
stand the lies that Rocio
Carrasco tells about her father and that it
seems very bad to her, it seems very bad to her, she has
made some devastating statements
because she says that it hurts her a lot that
her husband, who was a very handsome person, who
was a great professional, a great
boxer, a good father, a good husband and
that at this moment, unfortunately, he
can no longer defend himself and that people are
talking about him and putting him in
situations that he does not deserve or Raquel
Mosquera stated that on more than one
occasion she has had to be admitted to a
psychiatric hospital, specifically she
mentions the Puerta de Hierro hospital in Madrid,
her words were because she could not stand
so many lies, keep that in mind and each
one can think about what they see  no she has also
made a post on her
instagram account if you want to go there
you can read it but let's go the
statements are more or less similar
more than angry hurt upset she is
a girl who does not recognize is not the same
girl he met in his day he would love to be
able to deal with her fix things
and that the waters will calm down but she
says again and I emphasize again apart from the fact
that everything is a lie and then that
move that places a lot of emphasis on that
by the way she says some words that
seem devastating to me and that are a great
headline I have never seen mistreatment of
Rocío Carrasco from anyone
and
there you have it each one can think what they
want surely these words have
their replica on the set of Sálvame or not or
maybe the silences too as they have
done with other things such as
the interview with Olga but as I tell you or
Raquel Mosquera still hurt does not close the
door to a possible reconciliation and
also says that she would love to
see the Rocío Carrasco that she knew again
but that she is very hurt that she
has had a very bad time  with all this not
only because of the whole
documentary issue but also on
previous occasions because of statements that
Rocío Carrasco has made, which we have already been
discussing fully, that this
will wear on her 20 years of silence, she has not made
statements on more than one occasion, what do
you think of Raquel Mosquera? ok
well, you don't like her, trust her, I think she
is a person who should be
respected, I think with this person,
well, she is watching over her husband, her
deceased husband, and she doesn't like people
talking about him in certain terms, I
imagine that's what things will go like, but oh
well, I will be reading in the comments box,
leave a good like for the video and above
all, let's see if we reach 30 thousand
subscribers, which we have
very little left, I send you all a huge hug
until the next video
[Music]